No Terry in London? Commanders WR McLaurin reportedly unlikely to play vs. Colts - Yahoo Sports Search Query for Search Search Home News Finance Sports More Mail NFL News Scores Schedule Standings Stats Teams Players Injuries Odds Power Rankings Fantasy Football NFL Draft Playoffs Super Bowl GameChannel ... Fantasy Network Get Fantasy Plus Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement TRENDING CFB Week 5 live updates Judge not on ALDS roster NFL Week 4 injury tracker WNBA semifinals preview MLB Division Series preview Story by No Terry in London? Commanders WR McLaurin reportedly unlikely to play vs. Colts Story by No Terry in London? Commanders WR McLaurin reportedly unlikely to play vs. Colts Scott Jennings Sat, October 3, 2026 at 3:21 PM UTC Advertisement Advertisement About Our Ads Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement NFL NBA MLB NHL NCAAF Fantasy Betting WNBA Golf Tennis NCAAB NCAAW Horse Racing Lacrosse Swimming MMA College Sports Daily Draw Sports Business Racing IFL Soccer Combat Boxing Wrestling Watch Boardroom Collectibles Women's Sports College & High School UFL Olympics Adventure Sports Cycling Cricket Curling Rugby More News What & How To Watch Newsletters GameChannel RSS Jobs Help Help Responsible Gaming Share Your Feedback About Us About Our Ads Follow us on Download our app © 2026 Yahoo. All rights reserved. The Washington Commanders could be without their WR1 on Sunday versus Indianapolis, as Terry McLaurin deals with a new hamstring injury. He showed up on the injury report Friday, and was listed as questionable for the game after being limited in practice. Commanders beat writer Ben Standig reported on Saturday that the injury happened during the Commanders home opener win over the Seahawks in Week 3. McLaurin was listed as a full participant the first two days of practice, but Wednesday was a walk-through. Advertisement Advertisement Advertisement Here's an excerpt from Standig's Saturday reporting — you can read the full story here : McLaurin apparently tweaked his hamstring during last week's win over the Seattle Seahawks. After participating in practices this week, he was listed as "limited" in Friday's session with a hamstring injury, and "questionable" for Sunday at Hotspur Tottenham Stadium. No final decision has been made on the status of Washington's long-time top target. Despite hope that McLaurin would be able to play, the Commanders appear to be leaning toward caution to avoid the hamstring injury turning into a multi-week situation. Standig reported on Friday that there was still hope that he could play in London against the Colts, but that tune has changed this morning, and it looks more likely that McLaurin sits against his hometown team. The Commanders kept seven receivers on their roster, so they will have options available, and the team is getting tight end Chig Okonkwo back after a two-game absence for a hamstring injury. Austin Ekeler also rejoined the team after not playing for over a year. Washington has already ruled out Jayden Daniels, Rachaad White, Sam Cosmi, and Nick Cross for Sunday's international game.