Game status | Commanders rule out Jayden Daniels vs. Colts Skip to main content Primary nav SEASON TICKETS TICKETS LONDON GAME NEWS SCHEDULE VIDEO ROSTER HISPANIC HERITAGE #44 NFL DRAFT IN DC NEW STADIUM STADIUM PHOTOS COMMAND FORCE YOUTH FOOTBALL COMMUNITY FAN ZONE PRESS ROOM INCLUSION LONDON PACKAGES PODCASTS UNITED ARAB EMIRATES TICKETS PRO SHOP Search Open menu button Action related nav SUITES WATCH PRO SHOP News Home Gameday Football Features Community Transcripts Press Releases Advertising News | Washington Commanders - Commanders.com Game status | Commanders rule out Jayden Daniels vs. Colts Oct 02, 2026 at 11:27 AM Copied! Jayden Daniels has been ruled out of the Washington Commanders' Week 4 game against the Indianapolis Colts, head coach Dan Quinn said Friday, paving the way for Marcus Mariota to get his second start this season. "He had a great week," Quinn said after practice. "It was awesome to have him back on the field in a limited fashion ... That's a huge positive step for us and for him." Daniels was a limited participant in all three practices this week after suffering a dislocated elbow in Week 2 against the Dallas Cowboys. After speaking with multiple specialists about the next steps in his recovery, it was determined that Daniels could return this season but would need to wear a brace to prevent re-injuring his arm. Daniels' brace does not affect his throwing motion or any other activity on the field but does prevent him from fully extending his left arm. Quinn added that the Commanders will reevaluate Daniels next week when he gets a full week of practice, but him being on the field less than two weeks after sustaining the injury was "a big deal." "For him to get back, that's a big step for us...to see what it would look like and where it would go," Quinn said. "Typical for him, he's more ready than you expect, but that's just kind of how he is." Daniels has been putting in extra work to be cleared as soon as possible, which is also something the Commanders have come to expect from him. "He is a true competitor, both on and off the field," Quinn said. Mariota stepped in for Daniels last week against the Seattle Seahawks and led the Commanders to a 33-31 win. He completed 61% of his passes for 183 yards and sealed the game with a nine-yard run on third-and-7 in the fourth quarter. "We talked about it last week, but his mental reps and his mind were certainly a weapon for us, whether it was getting us into a right play, breaking the huddle quickly, and he did an excellent job just managing the game and then going to make his plays when they were there for him," offensive coordinator David Blough said Thursday. Linebacker Frankie Luvu and tight end Chig Okonkwo will both be back in the lineup after a good week of practice. Luvu, a team captain, was also the primary on-field play-caller prior to his groin injury, but he also provided value as an interior blitzer to help collapse the pocket. Okonkwo, who the team signed in the offseason, should boost a tight end room that has just 60 yards on eight catches through three games. "I think he [Okonkwo] and Frankie both bring a lot in their own unique ways," Quinn said. "From Chig, from a vertical standpoint in the passing game, you feel his speed at tight end. And so, although we're not long into the season, when somebody gets hurt early on, you do feel them missed. And then, when they're back on the practice field, you quickly get reminded, 'Okay, there it is,' for both of them." Here is the full injury report for this week: Player Injury Wednesday Thursday Friday Status G Sam Cosmi Concussion/Throat DNP DNP DNP OUT S Nick Cross Illness DNP DNP DNP OUT QB Jayden Daniels Left Elbow Limited Limited Limited OUT RB Rachaad White Shoulder DNP DNP DNP OUT S Percy Butler Concussion Limited Full Full QUESTIONABLE WR Terry McLaurin Hamstring Limited QUESTIONABLE LB Frankie Luvu Groin Limited Limited Limited TE Chig Okonkwo Hamstring Limited Limited Limited DE Charles Omenihu Ankle Limited Limited Limited TE Ben Sinnott Rib Limited Limited Limited C/G Nick Allegretti Hip Limited Limited Limited DT Javon Kinlaw Shoulder Limited Limited Full S Quan Martin Groin Full C/G Lucas Patrick Foot Limited Limited Full CB Amik Robertson Knee Limited Full Full Related Content news Hail Mail: Game plans for TEs and London food takes Hello from the future! (That's my really bad way of joking that I'm in a different time zone than most of you reading this right now.) The Washington Commanders are in England getting ready for their international game against the Indianapolis Colts, and it's a great opportunity for them to get back to 2-2 after a difficult stretch to open the season. news 3 keys to Commanders vs. Colts The Washington Commanders just wrapped up their week of preparation for their Week 4 matchup against the Indianapolis Colts. Here are three keys to them getting to 2-2. news Practice notes | Daniels' elbow feels 'good,' working day by day on recovery Jayden Daniels said he feels "good" in his first week back at practice with the Washington Commanders and is "taking it day by day" with his elbow injury. news NFC East roundup: Commanders looking for international win vs. Colts Week 3 of the 2026 NFL season saw the Washington Commanders host the Seattle Seahawks, while the Dallas Cowboys headed south to Rio de Janeiro for an epic showdown against the Baltimore Ravens. news Question of the week: Why should fans be optimistic about Washington? The vibes around the Washington Commanders are drastically different compared to a week ago, and after defeating the Seattle Seahawks at home, there's renewed hope for the rest of the season. The "Command Center" crew of Logan Paulsen, London Fletcher and Santana Moss gave their reasons for optimism ahead of their Week 4 matchup against the Indianapolis Colts. news Marcus Mariota named FedEx Air and Ground Player of the Week Marcus Mariota has been named the Week 3 FedEx Air and Ground Player of the Week alongside San Francisco 49ers quarterback Brock Purdy for leading the Washington Commanders to their 33-31 win over the Seattle Seahawks. news Commanders vs. Colts Week 4 injury report The Washington Commanders have released their injury report ahead of their matchup with the Indianapolis Colts. news Practice notes | Ekeler excited to be 'back in the brotherhood' with Commanders Ekeler believes he still has some juice left, and he wants to use it to help the Commanders offense. news Sonny Styles named NFC Defensive Player of the Week The honor is the first of Styles' career and it is the 39th time a Washington player has received the NFC Defensive Player of the Week honor since the award's inception in 1984. news Commanders vs. Colts preview | A trip across the pond The Washington Commanders will play the Indianapolis Colts in London at Tottenham Hotspur Stadium. Here's everything you need to know about the matchup. news Commanders release 2026 Week 4 depth chart The Washington Commanders have released their first unofficial depth chart ahead of their Week 4 matchup against the Indianapolis Colts. Advertising CLUB PARTNERS Club Links Club Links NEWS Latest News Gameday Off The Field Press Releases Community VIDEO Latest Videos Gameday Press Conferences Podcasts PHOTO Latest Photos Gameday Practice Community Fans TEAM Roster Schedule Event Calendar Coaches Front Office Stats Transactions History Northwest Stadium Parking & Directions A to Z Guide Tailgating Policy TICKETS Member Login Season Tickets Premium Tickets Single Game Tickets Group Tickets Digital Ticketing Suites Member Information On Location Travel Packages MORE Contact Us Commanders Mobile App Washington Salute Command Force Community Women's Club Pro Shop Media Credentials NFL Clubs NFL Clubs AFC North AFC East AFC South AFC West NFC North NFC East NFC South NFC West More NFL Sites More NFL Sites NFL Football Operations NFL Shop NFL On Location Pro Football Hall of Fame Licensing USA Football NFL Extra Points NFL Ticket Exchange Download Apps Download Apps Copyright © 2026 Washington Commanders. All rights reserved. Legal Terms & Conditions Privacy Policy Accessibility Site Map Ad Choices Your Privacy Choices Cookie Settings Preference Center 
 Big left arrow icon

 Big right arrow icon

 Close icon
 Copy Url 
 Three dots icon

 Down arrow icon

 Email icon

 Email icon

 Exit Fullscreen icon

 External link icon

 Facebook logo
 Football icon 
 Facebook logo

 Instagram logo

 Snapchat logo

 YouTube logo

 TikTok logo

 Spotify logo

 LinkedIn logo

 Grid icon

 Key icon

 Left arrow icon

 Link icon

 Location icon

 Mail icon

 Menu icon

 Open icon

 Phone icon

 Play icon

 Radio icon

 Rewind icon

 Right arrow icon

 Search icon

 Select icon

 Selected icon

 TV icon

 Up arrow icon

 User icon

 Audio icon
 Add to calendar icon NFC icon AFC icon NFL icon Carousel Icon List View Website Instagram Twitter Facebook Snapchat Shop Icon Profile Overlay Avatar Add Airplay Arrow Left Arrow Right Arrow Up Arrow Down Audio Back 5s Back 10s Back 30s Calendar Chart Check Down Left Right Up Chromecast Off Chromecast On Close Closed Captions Bench Off Bench On Broad Off Broad On Vertical Off Vertical On Comment Dock Done Download Draft Fantasy Filter Forward 5s Forward 10s Forward 30s Full Screen Off Full Screen On Gamepass Games Insights Key Leave Live Combine Draft Fantasy Menu Games Menu Network Menu News Menu Playoffs Menu Pro Bowl Menu Shop Menu Standings Menu Stats Menu Super Bowl Menu Teams Menu Tickets Menu More Horizontal More Vertical My Location Network News Pause play Multiple Players Single Player Playlist Playoffs Pro Bowl Purge Refresh Remove Search Settings Share Android Share Copy URL Share Email Share Facebook Share Instagram Share iOS Share Snapchat Share Twitter Skip Next Skip Previous Standings Star Stats Swap Teams Tickets Video Visibility Off Visibility On Volume Hi Volume Low Volume Medium Volume Mute Warning Website Caret down Caret up At News Play Audio Gallery Promo 
 Chevron right
 The browser you are using is no longer supported on this site. It is highly recommended that you use the latest versions of a supported browser in order to receive an optimal viewing experience. The following browsers are supported: Chrome, Edge (v80 and later), Firefox and Safari. Got it!